chore: merge v1.0.0-beta.16 (#2562)
logto-io/logto: .changeset/green-geese-train.md

---
"@logto/cli": patch
"@logto/console": patch
"@logto/core": patch
"@logto/create": patch
"@logto/integration-tests": patch
"@logto/phrases": patch
"@logto/schemas": patch
"@logto/shared": patch
"@logto/ui": patch
---

> Fix a Sign-in experience bug that may block some users to sign in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a Sign-in experience bug that may block some users from signing in.
```

Author: to sign in (to the system/app)?

Author: discussed offline
